C:\Users\Dburka\PROJECTS\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\bin\Debug\NNVotingController.exe.config
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\Közösségi döntések\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\bin\Debug\NNVotingController.exe.config
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\Közösségi döntések\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\obj\Debug\NNVotingController.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\Közösségi döntések\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\obj\Debug\NNVotingController.Form1.resources
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\Közösségi döntések\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\obj\Debug\NNVotingController.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\Közösségi döntések\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\obj\Debug\NNVotingController.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\Közösségi döntések\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\bin\Debug\NNVotingController.exe
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\Közösségi döntések\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\bin\Debug\NNVotingController.pdb
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\Közösségi döntések\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\obj\Debug\NNVotingController.exe
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\Közösségi döntések\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\obj\Debug\NNVotingController.pdb
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\Közösségi döntések\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\obj\Debug\NNVotingController._01TrainNeuralNetwork.resources
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\Közösségi döntések\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\obj\Debug\NNVotingController._02UseNeuralNetwork.resources
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\Közösségi döntések\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\obj\Debug\NNVotingController._03GenerateMainInput.resources
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\Közösségi döntések\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\obj\Debug\NNVotingController._04GenerateUnanimityInput.resources
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\Közösségi döntések\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\obj\Debug\NNVotingController._05GenerateParetoInput.resources
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\Közösségi döntések\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\obj\Debug\NNVotingController._06ResultsXLS.resources
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\Közösségi döntések\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\obj\Debug\NNVotingController.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\GitRepo\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\bin\Debug\NNVotingController.exe.config
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\GitRepo\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\obj\Debug\NNVotingController.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\GitRepo\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\obj\Debug\NNVotingController.exe
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\GitRepo\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\obj\Debug\NNVotingController.pdb
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\GitRepo\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\bin\Debug\NNVotingController.exe
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\GitRepo\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\bin\Debug\NNVotingController.pdb
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\GitRepo\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\obj\Debug\NNVotingController.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\GitRepo\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\obj\Debug\NNVotingController._01TrainNeuralNetwork.resources
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\GitRepo\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\obj\Debug\NNVotingController._02UseNeuralNetwork.resources
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\GitRepo\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\obj\Debug\NNVotingController._03GenerateMainInput.resources
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\GitRepo\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\obj\Debug\NNVotingController._04GenerateUnanimityInput.resources
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\GitRepo\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\obj\Debug\NNVotingController._05GenerateParetoInput.resources
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\GitRepo\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\obj\Debug\NNVotingController._06ResultsXLS.resources
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\GitRepo\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\obj\Debug\NNVotingController.Form1.resources
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\GitRepo\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\obj\Debug\NNVotingController.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\Dburka\EGYETEM\Corvinus\Gazdaságinformatikus\PhD\1. félév\Neurális hálók\GitRepo\NNVotingController\NNVotingController\obj\Debug\NNVotingController.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
